Update profiles Troubleshooting section (#5859)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/troubleshooting.rst

**Solution**

> Make sure the profile value specified in the configuration matches with an existing one placed in ``/root/.aws/credentials``. Check the :ref:`Configuring AWS credentials <aws_profile>` section to learn more about how to configure a profile for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the profile value specified in the configuration matches an existing one placed in ``/root/.aws/credentials``. Check the :ref:`Configuring AWS credentials <aws_profile>` section to learn more about configuring a profile for authentication.
```
